Fix type-inference rules for `merge` (#762)
dhall-lang/dhall-lang: standard/type-inference.md

    Γ ⊢ (merge t u : T₁) : T₀

    Γ ⊢ t₀ : { y : ∀(x : A₀) → T₀, ts… }
    Γ ⊢ u₀ : < y : A₁ | us… >
    A₀ ≡ A₁
    ↑(-1, x, 0, T₀) = T₁
    Γ ⊢ t₁ : { ts… }
    Γ ⊢ u₁ : < us… >
    Γ ⊢ (merge t₁ u₁ : T₁) : T₂
    ────────────────────────────────────  ; `x` not free in `T₀`
    Γ ⊢ merge t₀ u₀ : T₁

    Γ ⊢ t₀ : { y : T₀, ts… }
    Γ ⊢ u₀ : < y | us… >

>     Γ ⊢ t₁ : { ts… }

Reviewer: Where do `t₁` and `u₁` come from?

Author: We invent them based on `{ ts… }` and `{ us… }`, so we have something to put into the recursive `merge` expression below. @philandstuff came up with this trick in https://github.com/dhall-lang/dhall-lang/issues/749#issuecomment-534865220.

Reviewer: Then I think we need either a comment or additional prose here to describe what is going on because this is the opposite direction for the normal flow of information for type-checking if we view the logical notation as functional programming pseudocode.

Also, I think this strengthens the case for switching the specification to a simple Haskell reference implementation to avoid these kinds of ambiguities.

Author: I have added a paragraph.

I've noticed that this trick only slightly more sane than the situation before: In the case of

    merge h < x >.x

`u₁` would be a value of type `<>`, which of course cannot exist.

> Also, I think this strengthens the case for switching the specification to a simple Haskell reference implementation to avoid these kinds of ambiguities.

I agree, and I hope we can get everyone one board! :)

    Γ ⊢ (merge t u : T₁) : T₀

We use a trick to recursively check that all handlers have the same output type:
Based on the types of the remaining fields and alternatives, we "invent" values
(`t₁` and `u₁`) from which we can create the smaller `merge` expression.

> An implementation could simply loop over the underlying data structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation could simply loop over the inferred record type.
```
